update job status (#1)
metzgegu/metzgegu: README.md

### Hello there 👋

> 🔭 I'm currently looking for a new job as a front-end developer

Reviewer: I think in my current situation i would say : 
```suggestion
🔭 I'm currently working for [Wizbii](https://www.wizbii.com/) as a front-end developer
👨🏻‍💻 Always in perpetual research of new (open-source) projects to contribute.
```

This readme only concern my state of mind in terms of IT project, not really my Life project.
